[Music]
get your hands on
oh
you're taking me somewhere to kill me no
i'm taking you someplace to talk
well i don't like to talk but you do
like to lie which you just
did because we both know you love to
talk
how long have you been here i don't know
it's hard to say you know time passes
differently here in the tva
what does that mean you'll catch up
glorious
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
brother i'm down
you'd better be ready
come on what did you expect
the legacy of that shield is
[Music]
complicated
the world
is upside down
people need something to get behind
[Music]
they need a symbol
so what's our plan
so no plan
[Music]
right
what's going on in that cyborg brain of
yours you don't want to know
oh yeah i can see it working gear's
turning
oh they're malfunctioning they're on
fire
[Applause]
[Music]
we're dropping a secret team of robots
into a country that we're not supposed
to be in it got serious the moment was
thought up
gotta get out of here where where
take them all down no witnesses
this is not a circus we need to know
what the hell is going on here
what do you want
[Music]
we're
you're a [ __ ] machine
where's the forza end
oh hey there baby what the hell are you
doing here
i'm commissioned to this flight we
haven't got time for this right now put
her in the sperry until we get up in the
air i'm supposed to guard this
i'll guard it for you contents are
confidential
what's your name honey flight officer
garrett ain't no women in the air
corps i'm a flight mechanic and a pilot
you're not a pilot
you're a delivery girl
sir requesting permission to fire an
enemy attacker
you wouldn't even know how to fire a gun
i was being polite
she was right who the hell are you miss
garrett what is she here for
did you hear that what the hell is that
racket there's something on top of the
plane something on the goddamn time
these irregularities started with that
package
you have no idea how far i'll go how did
you get up here
[Music]
welcome back to the party baby
strappin yes ma'am
are you okay
it'll just be us snow
two boards and black ridge
i hope you enjoy your stay i just wanted
to tell you something
you shouldn't go to the blackridge
danger
that's exactly what we're after okay
let's do this
there's a heavy pump
run
max please just tell me
today the 18th of march 1965
the manned spaceship fosgot 2
was launched into the earth's orbit
for the first time in the history of
mankind a man has walked in
outer space
i don't understand the pressure in the
suit keeps increasing okay
[Music]
are you suggesting that i leave them in
orbit their soldiers they're prepared to
die to protect their country's interests
mama will daddy be here when i wake up
again he'll do his very best
[Music]
miss marvel is a new kind of superhero
but at the core of all of it her story
is so universal
miss marvel is one of the newer
characters in the marvel comics
and when one comes in that grabs the
world's imagination like this
the questions are when are we gonna
bring miss marvel to the screen
when miss marvel first came out we had
such an incredible reaction
it was so incredibly popular because
everybody could see themselves in her
i never saw a young teenager of color
specifically a pakistani
in the comic book are you kidding you
promised you'd be cool i am cool
the casting process was vast when we
discovered
iman we knew that she was kamala khan
it was unanimous decision yeah i can't
comprehend this right now
and then of course we've got a really
incredible
team of directors
mira menon and charmino and all of them
are taking the material and elevating it
so
human it's about a teenager figuring out
who she is and
about relationships family and
friendship is at the heart
of the mcu canon that's what's so
exciting about the story that we're
bringing is that we're going to
introduce you to a new family that's
also going to be part of the wider mcu
you remember me
how you doing tonight doing well officer
can i see your driver's license
registration and insurance please of
course
my license is right here my wallet
that's all right son
you remember the night in july
hey hey hey hey wait wait wait put the
phone down
it's a cell phone it's just a cell phone
you know he was unarmed
push the car and put your hands in the
air austin please he's just a kid
you pointed your gun at him okay get out
of the car son
easy you pulled the trigger
the grand jury determined that no
probable cause exists to file any
charges
against officer randall
this is my son this is my little boy
[Music]
you took that from me the world took
that from me
today we make that right
hear me when i say this cause i'm only
gonna say it once
don't stop filming
if you just give up now why are we the
only people in this country
that expected to do things without
violence
[Music]
i didn't mean to kill your son what you
did
i did what i was trying to do i just
want justice
that's all i want this is your jury
the deciders of your faith today you
will be tried for the murder of my son
you're scared are you
afraid
they call themselves the bad batch
[Applause]
[Music]
empire
that was quite an impressive display
[Music]
space time
time time reality
it's more than a linear path it's a
prism
of endless possibility well that doesn't
sound ominous at all
i was promised an army
you have a super soldier
oh you sure don't seem too freaked out
about all this kid
what you doing out there all by yourself
anyway exploring
the world sounds fun but why stop at one
world
when we can show you all of them
i am the watcher
i am your guide through these vast new
realities
follow me and dare to face the unknown
and ponder the question
what if
give me the tour
[Music]
so
[Applause]
[Music]
hey